*: fix errors reported by languagetool (#6069)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/bedtools.md

> Used to intersect, group, convert and count data in BAM, BED, GFF/GTF, VCF format.
> More information: <https://bedtools.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>.

> - Intersect two files regarding the sequences' strand and save the result to {{`path/to/output_file`}}:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Intersect two files regarding the sequences' strand and save the result to the specified file:
```
